Satismeter destination documentation (#1029)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/satismeter.mdx

<div class="infoBlock">
For more information on these settings, refer to the <Link to="#automatically-recording-satismeter-events">Automatically recording SatisMeter events</Link> section below.
</div>

- **Client-side Events Filtering**: This setting lets you specify which events should be blocked or allowed to flow through to SatisMeter. For more information on this setting, refer to the <Link to="/sources/sdks/event-filtering/">Client-side Events Filtering</Link> guide.
- **Use device mode to send events**: As this is a <Link to="https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/rudderstack-connection-modes/#device-mode">web device mode</Link>-only destination, this setting is enabled by default and cannot be disabled.
- **OneTrust Cookie Categories**: This setting lets you associate <Link to="/sources/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/consent-managers/onetrust/">OneTrust</Link> cookie consent groups to SatisMeter.

## Identify

You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/identify/">`identify`</Link> call to identify a user interacting with the SatisMeter survey.

<div class="infoBlock">

> It is highly recommended to send the <code class="inline-code">createdAt</code> trait in your <code class="inline-code">identify</code> calls to keep a record of how long the user has interacted with the survey.

Author: ```suggestion
You must send the <code class="inline-code">createdAt</code> trait in your <code class="inline-code">identify</code> calls to keep a record of how long the user has interacted with the survey.
```

</div>

A sample `identify` call is shown below:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.identify("1hKOmRA4GRlm", {
  name: "Alex Keener",
  email: "alex@example.com",
  createdAt: "2022-02-01T19:14:18.381Z"
});
```

### Supported mappings

RudderStack maps the following `identify` traits to the corresponding SatisMeter properties:

| RudderStack property | SatisMeter property | 
| :-----| :------| 
| `userId` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required, if **Identify Anonymous User** setting is disabled in the dashboard.</span> | `userId` |

> | `anonymousId` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">If **Identify Anonymous User** setting is enabled in the dashboard.</span> | `userId` |

Author: ```suggestion
| <Link to="/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/supported-api/#anonymous-id">`anonymousId`</Link> <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">If **Identify Anonymous User** setting is enabled in the dashboard.</span> | `userId` |
```

> | `anonymousId` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">If **Identify Anonymous User** setting is enabled in the dashboard.</span> | `userId` |

Author: User doesn't have to specify this ID, it is auto-generated by the SDK: https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/supported-api/#anonymous-id

> | `context.traits.createdAt` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span>  | `traits.createdAt` |

Reviewer: bit confusing if **createdAt** is a required/recommended field. If required, then we can modify the infoblock above to say that "you must send..." instead of "It is highly recommended to send the createdAt trait.."

Author: Makes sense - I will make the change.

| `context.traits` | `traits` |

## Track

> You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track/">`track`</Link> call to the track the user's interactions with the survey like responses and feedback.

Reviewer 2: We are using the track call to trigger a survey. Can we add that satismeter doc here?? @anantjain45823 can you share the doc?

Reviewer 3: Yes

Reviewer 3: https://support.satismeter.com/hc/en-us/articles/6980449391891-User-events

Author: Modified the `track` intro accordingly.

> You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track/">`track`</Link> call to the track the user's interactions with the survey like responses and feedback.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track/">`track`</Link> call to <a href="https://support.satismeter.com/hc/en-us/articles/6980449391891-User-events">trigger a SatisMeter survey</a>.
```

Author: @ItsSudip @anantjain45823 please verify if this change looks good.

> You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track/">`track`</Link> call to the track the user's interactions with the survey like responses and feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track/">`track`</Link> call to track the user's interactions with the survey, like responses and feedback.
```

| Connection Mode | Web | Mobile | Server |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Device mode | Supported | - | - |
| Cloud mode | -  | - | - |

Once you have confirmed that the source platform supports sending events to Satismeter, follow these steps:

1. From your [RudderStack dashboard](https://app.rudderstack.com/), add a source. Then, from the list of destinations, select **Satismeter**.
2. Assign a name to the destination and click **Continue**.

## Connection settings

To successfully configure Satismeter as a destination, you will need to configure the following settings:

- **Write Key**: Enter your Satismeter write key for authentication. For more information on obtaining the write key, refer to the <Link to="#faq">FAQ</Link> section below.
- **Identify Anonymous Users**: Enable this setting to allow RudderStack to identify anonymous users using `anonymousId`.
- **Record Satismeter Events**: Enable this setting to allow RudderStack to automatically record your Satismeter events as <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track/">`track`</Link> events events.

>   - **List of Events**: Specify the list of events to be automatically tracked.

Author: @anantjain45823 The **List of Events** field is visible only once the user enables the **Record Satismeter Events** flag, hence it should be a sub-bullet and not a standalone setting. Let me know if it makes sense.

>   - **List of Events**: Specify the list of events to be automatically tracked.

Reviewer 3: Yeah Makes Sense.
But we have to include the following ones as well from dashboard settings.

Field name in UI | Satismeter Parameter | Enums /Type | Presence
-- | -- | -- | --
Update Event Name | NA ( for call back events ) | Boolean | Optional
eventsToStandard | NA ( for call back events ) | object | Optional

Here eventsToStandard will be visible only if Update Event Name flag is enabled.

>   - **List of Events**: Specify the list of events to be automatically tracked.

Author: Updated these settings and clarified them with examples by adding a new section in **Track**

</div>

A sample `identify` call is shown below:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.identify("1hKOmRA4GRlm", {
  name: "Alex Keener",
  email: "alex@example.com",
  createdAt: "2022-02-01T19:14:18.381Z"
});
```

### Supported mappings

RudderStack maps the following `identify` traits to the corresponding Satismeter properties:

| RudderStack property | Satismeter property | 
| :-----| :------| 
| `userId` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required, if **Identify Anonymous User** setting is disabled in the dashboard.</span> | `userId` |
| `anonymousId` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">If **Identify Anonymous User** setting is enabled in the dashboard.</span> | `userId` |
| `context.traits.createdAt` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span>  | `traits.createdAt` |
| `context.traits` | `traits` |

## Track

You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track/">`track`</Link> call to the track the user's interactions with the survey like responses and feedback.

A sample `track` call is shown below:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.track("Response Submitted")

> ```

Reviewer 3: Can we add the following mapping here for track call 

RudderStack property/event | Destination property/event | ENUMS ( if applicable ) / Data Type | Presence
-- | -- | -- | --
event | event | String | Required
